# Rust API client for warapi

The War API allows developers to query information about the state of the current Foxhole World Conquest.


## Overview

This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: v1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.10.0
- Build package: `org.openapitools.codegen.languages.RustClientCodegen`

## Installation

Put the package under your project folder in a directory named `warapi` and add the following to `Cargo.toml` under `[dependencies]`:

```
warapi = { path = "./warapi" }
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://war-service-live.foxholeservices.com/api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ExternalApi* | [**get_shard_status**](docs/ExternalApi.md#get_shard_status) | **GET** /external/shardStatus | Hidden endpoint returning information about each server.
*MapsApi* | [**get_map_dynamic**](docs/MapsApi.md#get_map_dynamic) | **GET** /worldconquest/maps/{mapName}/dynamic/public | Dynamic map data includes map icons that could change over the lifecycle of a map. This includes static bases and static base build sites.
*MapsApi* | [**get_map_static**](docs/MapsApi.md#get_map_static) | **GET** /worldconquest/maps/{mapName}/static | Static map data includes things that never change over the lifecycle of a map. This includes map text labels, resource nodes, and world structures.
*MapsApi* | [**get_maps**](docs/MapsApi.md#get_maps) | **GET** /worldconquest/maps | Returns a list of the active World Conquest map names.
*MapsApi* | [**get_war_report**](docs/MapsApi.md#get_war_report) | **GET** /worldconquest/warReport/{mapName} | Returns the number of enlistments, casualties, and other map specific information.
*WarApi* | [**get_war**](docs/WarApi.md#get_war) | **GET** /worldconquest/war | Returns data about the current state of the war.


## Documentation For Models

 - [FactionEnum](docs/FactionEnum.md)
 - [Map](docs/Map.md)
 - [MapItem](docs/MapItem.md)
 - [MapTextItems](docs/MapTextItems.md)
 - [ServerConnectionInfo](docs/ServerConnectionInfo.md)
 - [ShardStatus](docs/ShardStatus.md)
 - [War](docs/War.md)
 - [WarReport](docs/WarReport.md)


To get access to the crate's generated documentation, use:

```
cargo doc --open
```

## Author



